android local testing (#700)
mongodb/docs-realm: examples/android/local/README.md

# Realm Examples

> The Realm Examples project contains Java and Kotlin code examples for the Realm SDK
> and their unit tests.

Reviewer: Nitpick:
```suggestion
The Realm Examples project contains Java and Kotlin code examples and unit tests for the Realm SDK.
```

> This project uses the realm app *android-example-testers-rztwe*, in the org *Bushicorp*. You can
> view the realm app [here](https://realm.mongodb.com/groups/5f60207f14dfb25d23101102/apps/5fd8f1267b48d7cff86b1766/dashboard).

Reviewer: Nitpick:
```suggestion
This project uses the Realm app *android-example-testers-rztwe*, in the org *Bushicorp*. You can
view the Realm app [here](https://realm.mongodb.com/groups/5f60207f14dfb25d23101102/apps/5fd8f1267b48d7cff86b1766/dashboard).
```

## Get Started

### Install Android Studio

> Before you can run this project, you'll need a working installation of Android Studio.

Reviewer: Nitpick:
```suggestion
Before you can run this project, you need a to install and set up Android Studio.
```

You can download Android Studio [here](https://developer.android.com/studio).

### Create an Android Virtual Device (AVD)

Because the Realm Android SDK doesn't support any Realm functionality in unit testing without
mocking the entire Realm API with Powermock/Mockito, this test suite actually relies on
**instrumented tests**. Thanks to some workarounds and brilliance on the part of Chris Bush,
many of these tests *appear* like unit tests, with Asserts and tested logic... but like any Android
instrumented tests, these tests run in activities on an AVD. You'll need such a

> device to run the tests.

Reviewer: Strange paragraph, maybe it could be ordered after the next one that contains essential info on how to create the AVD.

To create an AVD in Android Studio, follow the instructions [here](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/managing-avds#createavd).

### Open the Project

Open Android Studio and select `File > Open` from the application menu. Select the "android"

> directory containing this README file. Because the project contains the `.idea` directory created

Reviewer: Nitpick: 
To be consistent, should your directory names be in quotes or monospace? Here, you have the "android" directory in quotes and the ".idea" directory in monospace.

> by Android Studio, after waiting a few moments (OK, actually like 30 seconds to a minute) you

Reviewer: Nitpick: probably fine to choose one of the two estimates rather than both.

| app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml | Manifest that allows Android to discover various activities and application definitions in the project.        |
| README.md                        | This file.                                                                                                     |

In short, `src/androidTest/java/com/mongodb/realm/examples/java` should contain Java test code,
and `src/androidTest/java/com/mongodb/realm/examples/kotlin` should contain Kotlin test code.

## Develop

### Create a New Test Case File

If your new example does not fit well into one of the existing sections, you
should add a new test case file for your section.

Right click on either the `java` or `kotlin` bottom-level directories in `androidTest` and select
`File > New`. If you're writing a Java test, select "Java Class", and if you're writing a Kotlin
test, select "Kotlin File/Class".

Enter the name of your test case class (for consistency, it should end with "Test") and press ENTER.

In your new test file:

- make your new test class a subclass of `RealmTest` to be able to actually run Realm SDK methods

>   (you will almost certainly need this)

Reviewer: Nitpick: parenthetical is probably not needed

if the example shows how to open a realm, call the test function `testOpenRealm`.

Next, add the example code. If the example doesn't fit in the test function body
itself, you may want to put the code outside of the test case class entirely.

If your example uses synchronized realms or network calls like authentication, functions, etc.,
you'll need to run the example on the UI thread of `RealmTest`'s encapsulated sample activity. Use
the following snippet to run such code on the UI thread:

```
    @Test
    public void myTest() {
        // realm usually doesn't like you doing anything here
        activity.runOnUiThread(() -> {
            // realm network requests work here
        }
        // realm will probably yell at you if you do things here
    }

```

### Restore or Ignore State

These examples use a real backend, which means they can alter that backend's
state and cause the tests to be not exactly reproducible. Design your tests to
either clean up after themselves or not care whether a backend call really
succeeded, just that it completed.

### Wait for Asynchronous Callbacks

These examples are likely to use asynchronous methods, so you will need to use

> our custom `Expectation` class to wait for the completion of calls. You can find the
> (very brief) definition of `Expectation` in `RealmTest.kt`, but usage is pretty simple:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
our custom `Expectation` class to wait for the completion of calls. You can read the
documentation on `Expectation` in `RealmTest.kt`. See the following steps on how to use `Expectation`:
```

1. Create an Expectation with `new Expectation()` in Java or `Expectation()` in Kotlin.

2. In an asynchronous callback, use the `expectation.fulfill()` method to confirm that the call completed.

3. After the asynchronous method call, use the `expectation.await()` method to block execution until
   the callback activates the `expectation.fulfill()` method.

## Code to Docs Pipeline

### Annotate for Bluehawk

Code examples are extracted using
[Bluehawk](https://github.com/MongoCaleb/bluehawk). In the source files, you can annotate code like so:

```swift
// :code-block-start: example
... some code for the code example ...

// :hide-start:
some code that should not be in the code example
// :hide-end:

... some more code for the code example ...
// :code-block-end:
```

> where _example_ is the name of the resulting code example when you run Bluehawk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where _example_ specified by the `code-block-start` tag is the name of the resulting code example when you run Bluehawk.
```

### Extract to Literalincludes

Since Bluehawk is currently in development, you cannot install it globally. For
now, you can clone the [repo](https://github.com/MongoCaleb/bluehawk) and follow the
instructions in Bluehawk's README to use the `bluehawk` command.

Then, in this directory, run:

```bash
bluehawk -s app/src/androidTest/java/com/mongodb/realm/examples/java/AuthenticationTest.java -d ../../../source/examples/generated/android
```

> to output the example blocks to the `source/examples/generated/android/` directory. Run this on all of the files in the `androidTest` and `main` directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To output the example blocks to the `source/examples/generated/android/` directory. Run this on all of the files in the `androidTest` and `main` directories.
```
